*err* matches superreform
*falle*ess matches unfallenness
*il*log* matches unphilological
*plen*tud* matches overplenitude
*taiodi* matches pentaiodide
*viceberry matches serviceberry
bowdl* matches bowdlerism
bron*hopleur*sy matches bronchopleurisy
chromatophobia matches chromatophobia
cockneyla* matches cockneyland
colorlessly matches colorlessly
cretefaction matches cretefaction
downrightly matches downrightly
leather* matches leatherbark
mitogenet* matches mitogenetic
palindrom* matches palindromic
parallelepiped matches parallelepiped
primigenial matches primigenial
puppe* matches puppetlike
resurrender matches resurrender
wreathwi* matches wreathwise